how everybody what is going on it is
your boy c4 here continuing my 32-team
mock draft breakdown for you guys here
on the youtubes so if you ever checked
out my previous video talking about the
who the last to leave off on the
Oakland Raiders maybe go double check on
that today we're talk about the Atlanta
Falcons last year the Falcons probably
considered them in the same boat as
Houston Texans who you know utterly
failed expectations finished four and
twelve our MVP for me was Paul Worrilow
who only in 12 games Andre at the
free-agent 127 tackles with two sacks
this guy was an absolute beast you
definitely have found a diamond in the
rough Lear in Paul Worrilow it specially
tough when Matt Ryan is a poor years
Julia Julio Jones goes down Roddy White
was unhealthy the whole year pretty much
had to rely on a guy like Harry Douglas
in an aging Tony Gonzalez is a receiving
corps it's tough plus you know Steve
Jackson did pano um looking at the draft
last year again probably a pretty I
guess I don't know your jury still on
the draft flush your first trailer took
Desmond Trufant the corner out of
Washington finish with 70 tackles and
two interceptions I'm not you know not
that bad can't really say too much it's
definitely not mind-blowing for a first
round corner not bad stats at all the
second Bradley took Robert Alford the
cornerback out of southeastern Louisiana
no idea who that is but looking at free
agency this year obviously the notable
lost is Tony Gonzalez to retirement
losing probably the best tight end to
ever play the game not really sure who
they have their in-depth at corn or at
tight end they have that to follow or
something they don't have some dude from
came from Stanford like seven feet tall
someone raised like that definitely not
Tony Gonzalez oh definitely need to look
at improving their tight ends but free
agency they they made some big moves
they got Devin Hester for the Palmer
Turner tyson jackson and john asawa
coming over from the katonak kc chiefs
to all types of jackson they cited
probably too much money for how much
he's been for how productive he's been
John asked malo good sign right there
one of the better o lineman free
agencies well i'm free agents this year
and they got Paul solely I from the
Miami Dolphins so obviously you can
assume that they're moving to a 3-4
defense by making these personnel
changes because both tyson jackson and
paul silly i played 34 technique and
with that being said going to a 34 I
think the draft they get Khalil Mack the
outside linebacker from Buffalo perfect
perfect fit for a 34 outside linebacker
this guy's a freak as probably the
closest freak we have to G avian Clowney
I think that he's gonna be absolute
beast look at their depth save Kroy
Biermann and OSI umenyiora so instantly
Khalil Mack is better than those two
guys those two guys combined you duct
tape those together
coolmax still better player um I think
this is the pic that makes the most
sense I can't see a lot of looking at
other mock drafts anything else like
it's even debate that would be closed
for a good pick coolmax perfect fit
probably will slip to them and would
instantly improve their defense or
defense needs their offense is still
pretty good obviously to assume that
Roddy White Steve Jackson near the end
the career but you still got Matt Ryan
still got Julio Jones or o-line is you
know above average so you know improve
the defense get up get a
once-in-a-lifetime playmaker like cool
immaculee I believe you know I do you
want to throw it once a lifetime
playmaker too much by the belief that
Commack Anthony Birk and OMG david
clowney are those type of players they
have a guy so if you're Atlanta Falcons
a let me the comment section while you
think about them taking khalil mack with
their first-round pick do you think some
different tell your boy c4 to shut the
up and this is who they should have
drafted until next time makes you
describe a beast mode TV for more of
these uh you know mock draft breakdown
quarter things so that's time it is your
boy c4 saying peace out and see ran